Meigu AI quantification analysis tool Hello everyone, we are the Meigu
Investment Network Use big data to drive your trading decisions In 2026,
artificial intelligence entered the second stage New hardware needs to be
upgraded Causing the Meigu market to have two revenue shares Recently rose This
year, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Meta, and Argo These five big giants This year
's capital expenditure will reach an astounding $7050 billion If you count Corv
air, this number will be close to 740 billion What is the concept of 740
billion?
About 70% increase compared to 2025 It is two times the expected increase in
the market at the end of last year Almost equal to the entire super-sized cloud
company A year's cash flow Are these technology giants crazy?
Is AI a trillion-bubble that is about to break?
But in my opinion This set of numbers is exactly another signal When capital is
pushed to the maximum scale The problem is no longer whether to invest But
whether the original path can still be supported The greater the computing
power, the greater the system pressure Electricity, heat dissipation, Internet,
efficiency Every link is pushing into the physical border The old structure is
starting to eat A new technical route that has been heavily invested and forced
out Is accelerating Today's episode will be very hard I will take my recent
research and study AI technical background, business logic and financial
changes I'll show you the layers I'll help you figure this out Why is this 740
billion a must?
Why does capital push computing power to the physical limit step by step?
When the traditional structure comes to an end What is the new technical route
that was forced to be born?
On this new route Who is the first batch of companies to go to the red?
In front of AI Is the software integration box still there?
Is it a basic collapse?
Or is it an organization-led warehouse foot injury?
Which force is stronger?
Let's make it clear This $740 billion in computing power is not a good bet It's
a must-have In today's AI competition The winner is no longer determined by
model parameters And depends on the cost efficiency of unit computing power In
the past, the upgrade server was for a faster, more stable Now that the struct
ure is only one generation behind The cost may be two to three times higher Take
the mainstream large model retreat as an example Under the same swallowing
amount Use the previous generation of GPU to complete the task required power
The number of chips and machine space It is often twice as much as the new
generation platform This is not a performance difference But the fundamental
imbalance of cost structure For cloud providers, this is directly related to
survival If the cost is high, you can't stay in the price war Low efficiency If
the cost is low, it is difficult to deliver large-scale AI services according
to the contract Once the customer delays or over-transfers to the opponent
Trust is difficult to restore The same is true Even under financial pressure
The giants also have to bite and push for a new generation Because of that H100
After becoming an industry standard in 2023 Only two years Blackwell
architecture is in the second half of 2025 Enter the large-scale deployment
stage The internal consensus is If not in the window period from 2026 to 2027
Complete the upgrade of Blackwell In the next three years, it will fall into a
structural cost disadvantage More importantly, AI is no longer just a cost But
it is pulling the real demand Amazon AWS unconfirmed income has reached $2440
billion Average growth of about 40% A large number of them are long-term
contracts that clearly require AI algorithmic support If the data center is one
step ahead Customers immediately turn to others Google's situation is also
obvious More than 30% of the company's code has been generated by AI Almost
half of the team With the optimization of the model The operating cost of the
same AI service Decreased from 20% to 30% six months ago AI has entered the
production process No need to fall behind If you don't plan ahead, it's
equivalent to giving up a certain income But when the scale of the algorithm
continues to expand The bottleneck begins to shift to the bottom The real
constraint has shifted from the chip to the power The data center itself is an
industrial system that runs all day No stable power No new chip can run From
the capital expenditure split in 2026 To support the expansion of the cycle The
new power demand is about 6 to 15 gigawatts The demand for the cooling system
has increased by about 200% Network and energy infrastructure Has been clearly
included in the core capital spending And so the investment of tech giants
Started from buying chips to expanding to a more complete system project Build
a data center Lock long-term power supply and deployment of cooling solutions
Even promote the optimization of natural chips and whole machines Put these
factors together $700 billion is not a digital game But the cost of AI from
technical options to basic facilities Under this new paradigm Not investing in
algorithms is equivalent to taking the initiative to step out of the future
When capital expenditure continues to increase The number of GPUs continues to
double A lot of people naturally think that the algorithm doubles and the
efficiency doubles But the fact is not so When the scale of the algorithm
expands to a certain extent The efficiency of the system begins to have a
significant ground effect The number of chips is increasing But the overall
speed of the algorithm can not keep up Where is the problem It's not that the
chip is not advanced enough But the way data flows between the chips Began to
become calm You can also imagine the entire AI system as a giant factory The
chip is responsible for processing And the data flows between different chips
It's like a part of a car In the traditional IOPO architecture After the chip
is completed The data needs to be wired in the form of a telegraph Run a
distance along the circuit board It's usually centimeters Go to the light
module on the edge of the machine cabinet Then complete the electric light
conversion Then it can be transmitted This is like a courier distribution
center The distributor has processed the package But you have to put the
package on a very long conveyor belt The conveyor belt carries the package to
the packaging area After that, the packager can continue to operate When the
package is not much, the problem is not obvious But when the order explodes,
the number of distributors doubles This conveyor belt begins to be cloudy In
the algorithm system This conveyor belt is the telegraphic transmission path
The further the telegraphic signal is transmitted, the greater the loss The
higher the power consumption, the more serious the heat The more GPUs, the more
data cooperation The higher the power consumption in the system used to
transport data So there is a key contradiction The chip itself is fast enough
But the whole system is slowed down by data transmission This is the origin of
the decoupling effect of computing And the appearance of the CPU is for this
problem The CPU puts the light engine directly next to the chip Share the same
packaging base with ASIC The electric light conversion is completed near the
chip The physical distance is compressed from the centimeter to the millimeter
Usually less than 5 mm It seems that this is just a change in packaging In
essence, the structure is reconstructed When the data is no longer far away,
the telegraphic signal path is shortened The unit bandwidth power consumption
decreases, the heat pressure is significantly reduced In the same algorithm and
space conditions Can support more GPU system work This means that the system's
expansion ability is re-opened In the past, it was the Internet cost that
limited the scale, not the algorithmic ability The essence of the CPU is to
break the physical shackle of telegraphic signal transmission distance For a
technology giant This is not just a matter of saving electricity It is the key
to whether the algorithmic group can cross the threshold of 100,000 cards, 100,
000 cards, and 1 million cards If the transmission bottleneck cannot be solved P
iling up new chips again is just making a huge but inefficient system Therefore,
2026 will be a watershed Can be the first to land in mass production Light
power packaging or similar high-performance Internet solutions Will decide who
can build the first A large-scale algorithmic pool of real linear growth And
hold on to the next generation of universal artificial intelligence If you
think this video is helpful to you As usual, like it first and help at the
critical moment US hotline 626-378-3637 The current attitude of several key
system players towards CPU Has been significantly transformed from technical st
orage to route planning NVIDIA plans in the second half of 2026 Introduced in
the Ruby architecture Introduce single-faceted internal light Internet And
through external light source and plug-and-pull design Solved the past light
power packaging Broke the core pain point of nanoparticle Even if the light
source breaks down, it can also be modified and replaced And no need for the
entire version After all, the single-card power consumption is 1000W With a
bandwidth of more than 1.
6T What may be out of control is not computing power But data transmission power
If the unit bandwidth power consumption does not fall The larger the group, the
more power and heat pressure will be forced into the physical limit For NVIDIA,
CPU is not a simple performance upgrade But the underlying conditions that
support the continued expansion of the AI factory Qualcomm is using its 51.
2T and higher bandwidth exchange platform It is defining the right path for the
next generation of Internet Qualcomm's logic is to directly pack silicon chip
and exchange ASIC This makes downstream manufacturers If you want to use Qual
comm's top exchange ability You have to embrace its defined CPU standards And
Intel uses its 10-year technical experience in the field of silicon light Deep
ly embedded in its EBIB and Forvirus advanced packaging strategy Attempts to
reduce unit bandwidth power consumption in a large-scale computing system When
these giants start to write the CPU into the product route map Commercial
ization is no longer a matter of whether it happens But a matter of when to
release At present, the market generally expects The CPU industry chain will
begin to form a substantial income volume before and after 2028 That is to say,
2026 to 2027 is the verification period 2028 is the cash-in period When the
direction of the battlefield is basically unified The real revenue flow has
gradually become clear Mainly concentrated on the following U.
S.
stocks The first category is the chip seller LITE and COHR In the CPU
architecture High-power zero-code continuous wave laser Become a real driver
Because the CPU light engine itself does not consist of a laser It must be
supplied by external high-power light source This allows the laser chip to rise
from the configuration component to the core asset LITE has revealed that it
has received hundreds of millions of dollars in CW laser orders It is expected
that in 2026, the capacity will be increased to about 20 million And plan to
meet about half of the needs of NVIDIA in 2027 A single ASP is about $30 to $35
With the 1.
6T and CPU approach Its input flexibility is gradually showing COHR is based on
the 6-inch zero-code production line In terms of capacity and cost The company
management said that the 1.
6T and CPU demand has accelerated Order visibility has extended to 2027 But the
market value of the two companies is obviously different The core reason is the
difference in revenue structure LITE's current right center is more focused on
high-speed communication Highly pure in terms of products related to the data
center Highly pure in terms of revenue direction Directly linked to the
expansion of AS computing power At the same time, its EML and other high-end
laser products have a higher market value The technical barriers are deeper,
and the market is willing to raise the market price COHR business structure is
more scattered In addition to the transparency of the data center The company
still covers traditional telecommunications and industrial laser and other
fields These blocks are relatively mild in increase The cycle property is
stronger Even if the demand for the data center improves The overall
performance flexibility is also diluted The second category is the definition
of the standard monopolist Botong and Marvel The popularity of CPU is not only
good for parts, but also good for people who define the rules Botong as the
general translator of the computing network Decided how to build the system And
Marvel through the acquisition of the core technology company Has locked many
top cloud providers in the customized AI Internet field The third category is
the green gatekeeper The most painful thing for the manufacturer is the package
It provides a gold-plated test It is an unavoidable link before mass production
As the light module shipments exceed tens of millions of levels in 2026 As the
absolute dragon head of the test equipment Will enjoy extremely high income
flexibility In short, we will see laser chips explode in 2026 2027-2028 is a
comprehensive release of system-level profits This is no longer a simple hype
But already written into the hard logic of orders and production limits After
talking about computing and CPO, we pull the lens back to software stocks From
mid-January to mid-February, BiaoPu's North American software index has fallen
by more than 15% Since the 2008 financial crisis The most tragic single-month
decline During this period, the software platform market value has evaporated
Once entered the trillion-dollar level And the sell-off in February still has
no obvious stop This is obviously not a simple emotional adjustment But more
like a systematic re-evaluation after the financial structure has changed Using
AI panic to explain the hard-to-explain so concentrated and continuous sell-off
The market is in a clear multi-space game Let's look at the institution,
Goldman Sachs data shows As of early February 2026 The interest rate of hedge
funds in the software industry has fallen by 2% At the same time, funds are
flowing to semiconductor and equipment blocks on a large scale Subsequent
interest rates have risen to a five-year high This kind of operation that sells
out the application layer and buys into the infrastructure layer Reflects the
deep pessimism of the institution towards the software application end in the
era of AI The strength of the shortfall is also unprecedented S3 partner
statistics In the first quarter of 2026, the share price of software hedge
funds was about $2.
4 billion Especially at the peak of sales on January 30th to February 5th The
share price of hedge funds is twice as much as that of multi-head buy-in Hedge
funds focus on two types of companies One is a small and medium-sized Pansas
company that relies heavily on artificial flow automation The second is a small
and medium-sized Pansas company that relies heavily on artificial flow
automation Although it is large-scale, it lacks the ability to integrate AI
Even Microsoft failed to survive On January 28th, after Microsoft announced the
financial report Within a week, the institution increased the number of empty-
headed hedge funds by 20% Goldman Sachs analyst pointed out Microsoft is
shifting from anti-hedge funds to hedge funds The $7.
4 billion AI capital expenditure has not yet been converted into profit Instead,
it suppressed the free flow of funds It is a clear contrast with the withdrawal
of institutions Astonishing courage According to Vanda Research At the
beginning of February 2026 Hedge funds' entry into technology and software
stocks was a new high Among them, Bellado iShares North America expanded its
technology software ETF Within a month until February 9th Hedge funds $1.
76 billion More than twice as much as the peak at the end of 2024 On February 6
th Amazon launched the largest hedge fund single-day buy-in since August 2024
Even more than Microsoft, Palantir, Salesforce, etc.
Hedge funds are a valuable asset that has been killed by AI panic Analysts
believe that hedge funds are built on three layers of logic First, historical
experience strengthens the belief in buy-in On April 3rd, 2025, due to U.
S.
domestic tariffs Bellpo 500 fell by 5% on the same day Hedge funds invested
more than $3 billion on the same day Set the highest record since 2014 After
this, the market rebounded quickly Verified the effectiveness of the buy-the-f
ucking-deep strategy Now, in the face of AI panic Hedge funds once again see it
as another exaggerated selling excuse The second is the extreme signal of
technical indicators As of early February, Bellpo's North American software
index fell by nearly 20 on the 14th The lowest since 2018 The technical side is
a signal that it is about to rebound The third layer is the belief in the
ability of giants to transform Hedge funds believe that companies such as
Microsoft and Salesforce have the ability to integrate AI into the existing
product line But it should also be reminded that hedge funds' consciousness
belief is not equal to others' victory A long-term behavioral study by Bellbar
shows that Ordinary investors often lag behind Bellpo 500 in long-term returns
due to emotional transactions such as catching up and killing The cost of time
is the cost that hedge funds are most likely to ignore Put it on a standard
level Although the adoption rate of software blocks has fallen by 20 times But
relative to Bellpo 500 still exists about 260% of the price If the future pro
fit rate cannot return to more than 15% This kind of price is short of
sufficient basic support The value of hedge funds is likely to continue to fall
But on the other hand, the market may indeed move towards excessive response H
uang Renxun publicly stated that this software selling is the most illogical He
believes that AI will not destroy software but rebuild the value chain of
software In other words, the real core is no longer whether to replace Instead,
it is to replace the pace of occurrence and who can integrate AI into a new
income model Therefore, the core of this multi-space confrontation is not a
short-term rise and fall but a profitable line of rhythm judgment Institutions
press on the old business model to suppress, profit release to delay Interact
ively press on the giant to be able to complete integration to achieve value
upgrade In the current long-term position, the airdrop has not yet hit the
background Once the second quarter financial report or guidance appears to
change and improve It is possible to trigger an airdrop recovery The rebound
force will often be magnified But the risk is not limited to the open market of
the airdrop game In the past few years, a large number of software companies
have been in a high-value environment SEMU equity fund acquisition in a lever
aged way If the IPO window continues to be limited, the merger market will drop
Valued adjustments to related assets may be made through a comparable company
pricing mechanism Reverse airdrop to the public market At this turning point in
2026 Simple full-fledged super-bottom or full-fledged airdrops have little
chance of winning What is really worth doing is to choose between divers
ification Second-tier SaaS companies that avoid the lack of AI capability and
pricing rights At the same time, pay attention to companies with strong
computing resources and application scenarios For example, Microsoft and Amazon
AI is rebuying the software industry But the rebuy is gradual and not instant
Okay, that's it for today's video Which company do you most recognize in CPU
logic?
What do you think of software stocks?
Welcome to leave a comment in the comment area If you think the video is good,
remember to like the comment and forward Over 1,000 likes, I will work overtime
in China's New Year Don't go to visit relatives to ask for a red envelope 996
overtime for everyone to make the previous prediction video of Invida's
financial report Because I have a lot of good evidence in my hands Here I wish
you a happy new year